Add PaddlePaddle guest blog post (#773)
huggingface/blog: paddlepaddle.md

> ---

Reviewer: You need to update https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/main/_blog.yml as well

title: "Welcome PaddlePaddle to the Hugging Face Hub" 
thumbnail: /blog/assets/126_paddlepaddle/thumbnail.jpg
---

> 

Reviewer: For all assets except the thumbnail, we try to have them in https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/tree/main/blog

Author: Sure. Do i just submit a PR to the repo?

Author: https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/discussions/30

Reviewer: Merged!

# Welcome PaddlePaddle to the Hugging Face Hub

<div class="blog-metadata">

>     <small>Published <TBD> 2023.</small>

Reviewer: TODO before merge

    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/main/paddlepaddle.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="/PaddlePaddle">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1654942635336-5f3ff69679c1ba4c353d0c5a.png?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>PaddlePaddle</code>
            <span class="fullname">PaddlePaddle</span>
            <span class="bg-gray-100 dark:bg-gray-700 rounded px-1 text-gray-600 text-sm font-mono">guest</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> We are happy to share an open-source partnership between HuggingFace and [PaddlePaddle](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/en) on a shared mission to advance and democratize AI through open source!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to share an open-source collaboration between Hugging Face and [PaddlePaddle](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/en) on a shared mission to advance and democratize AI through open source!
```

> We are happy to share an open-source collaboration between Hugging Face and [PaddlePaddle](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/en) on a shared mission to advance and democratize AI through open source!

Author: Changed all but the last "open-sourcing"

First open-sourced by Baidu in 2016, PaddlePaddle enables developers of all skill levels to adopt and implement Deep Learning at scale. As of Q4 2022, PaddlePaddle is being used by more than 5.35 million developers and 200,000 enterprises, ranking first in terms of market share among Deep Learning platforms in China. PaddlePaddle features popular open-source repositories such as the [Paddle](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/Paddle) Deep Learning Framework, model libraries across different modalities (e.g. [PaddleOCR](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleOCR), [PaddleDetection](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleDetection), [PaddleNLP](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleNLP), [PaddleSpeech](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSpeech)), [PaddleSlim](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSlim) for model compression, [FastDeploy](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/FastDeploy) for model deployment and many more.

![thumbnail](assets/126_paddlepaddle/thumbnail.jpg)

> **With [PaddleNLP](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paddlenlp) leading the way, PaddlePaddle libraries will gradually integrate with the HuggingFace Hub.** You will soon be able to play with the full suite of awesome pre-trained PaddlePaddle models across text, image, audio, video and multi-modalities on the Hub!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**With [PaddleNLP](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/paddlenlp) leading the way, PaddlePaddle libraries will gradually integrated with the Hugging Face Hub.** You will soon be able to play with the full suite of awesome pre-trained PaddlePaddle models across text, image, audio, video and multi-modalities on the Hub!
```

Author: I think this should be `integrate` here since it's a verb and comes after "will"

Reviewer: WDYT of this update?

Author: Grammarly says "passive voice misuse". How about "With PaddleNLP leading the way, PaddlePaddle will gradually integrate its libraries with the Hugging Face Hub"

## Find PaddlePaddle Models

> You can find all PaddlePaddle models on the Model Hub by with the [PaddlePaddle library tag](https://huggingface.co/models?library=paddlepaddle). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all PaddlePaddle models on the Model Hub by filtering with the [PaddlePaddle library tag](https://huggingface.co/models?library=paddlepaddle). 
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/126_paddlepaddle/paddle_tag.png" alt="PaddlePaddle Tag"/>
</p>

> There is already over 75 PaddlePaddle models on the Hub. As an example, you can find our multi-task Information Extraction model series [UIE](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle/uie-base), State-of-the-Art Chinese Language Model [ERNIE 3.0 model series](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle/ernie-3.0-nano-zh), novel document pre-training model [Ernie-Layout](PaddlePaddle/ernie-layoutx-base-uncased) with layout knowledge enhancement in the whole workflow and so on.

Reviewer 2: Nit: There are

> There is already over [Numbers TBD] PaddlePaddle models on the Hub. As an example, you can find our multi-task Information Extraction model series [UIE](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle/uie-base), State-of-the-Art Chinese Language Model [ERNIE 3.0 model series](https://huggingface.co/PaddlePaddle/ernie-3.0-nano-zh), novel document pre-training model [Ernie-Layout](PaddlePaddle/ernie-layoutx-base-uncased) with layout knowledge enhancement in the whole workflow and so on.

Reviewer: To update
